Cost Optimization-compute
--------------------------
AWS Compute Optimizer Identify optimal AWS Compute resources for your workloads
AWS Compute Optimizer analyzes the utilization of your AWS compute resources. 
Based on its findings, it generates recommendations for your resources to reduce cost and improve performance.

Pricing
-------
There is no additional charge for Compute Optimizer. 
EC2 instance type and EC2 Auto Scaling group configuration recommendations are available for free. 
You pay only for the AWS Compute resources needed to run your applications and Amazon CloudWatch monitoring fees.

How it works
------------
Compute Optimizer analyzes the current configuration of your AWS compute resources, and their utilization metrics from Amazon CloudWatch over a period of the last 14 days.

It identifies the resources that are optimal and not optimal. Compute Optimizer then offers recommendations for your resources to reduce their cost, 
improve their performance, or a combination of both.

For select resource types, Compute Optimizer also offers a utilization metric comparison between your current resource and the recommended resource or configuration. 
This data visualization shows how the recommended resource or configuration would have performed during the look-back period if you had used it.

Benefits and features
---------------------
Lower cost
Take advantage of recommendations in Compute Optimizer to lower the cost of your resources by up to 25%. For example, Compute Optimizer might identify an Amazon EC2 instance 
as over-provisioned if it used only 10% of its CPU capacity. 
It might recommend that you replace it with a more cost-effective instance type that will continue to meet the performance requirements of your workload.

Optimize performance
Some recommendations offered by Compute Optimizer are meant to improve the performance of your resources. For example, Compute Optimizer might identify an EBS volume as not 
optimized if it continuously reached its maximum IOPS. It might recommend a volume type that offers greater IOPS or throughput to better match the performance requirements 
of your workload.

Compare price and utilization
Compute Optimizer lists the current price of your resources, along with the price of the generated recommendations. 
The console also displays metric utilization graphs for your resources from up to the last 14 days. For select resource types, 
it also displays projected utilization data for recommended resources or configurations.

