AWS Systems Manager
--------------------
AWS Systems Manager helps you centrally view, manage, and operate nodes at scale in AWS, on-premises, and multicloud environments. 
With the launch of a unified console experience, Systems Manager consolidates various tools to help you complete common node tasks 
across AWS accounts and AWS Regions.

To use Systems Manager, nodes must be managed, which means SSM (AWS Systems Manager Agent) Agent is installed on the machine and the agent can communicate with the Systems Manager service. 
To help you identify why nodes aren't reporting as managed, Systems Manager offers a one-click agent issue diagnosis and remediation runbook that you can 
configure to run automatically according to a schedule you define. 
This feature helps identify why nodes can't connect to Systems Manager, including networking misconfigurations. 
This feature also provides recommended runbooks for remediating networking issues and other problems preventing nodes 
from being configured as managed nodes.

The unified console experience also includes a dashboard that provides a high-level overview of your nodes. 
You can drill down for more specific node insights such as which nodes are running outdated operating system (OS) software. 
You can also use filters for granular views based on instance metadata like OSs and OS versions, AWS Regions, AWS accounts, and SSM Agent versions. 
These filters help you retrieve relevant information at a specific account level or application level across your entire organization.

Benefits of Systems Manager include the following:
---------------------------------------------------
Enhance visibility across your entire infrastructure

Systems Manager provides a centralized view of nodes across your organization's accounts and Regions. 
Quickly access instance information such as ID, name, OS details, and installed agents. 
Use Amazon Q Developer to query instance metadata using natural language, helping you identify issues and take action faster.

Boost operational efficiency with automation

Automate common operational tasks and reduce time and effort required to maintain your systems. 
Systems Manager provides safe and secure remote management of your nodes at scale without logging into your servers. 
You no longer need to use bastion hosts, SSH, or remote PowerShell. 
Systems Manager also provides a simple way of automating common administrative tasks across groups of nodes such as registry edits, user management, 
and software and patch installations.

Simplify node management at scale in any environment

Systems Manager helps you manage nodes across AWS, on-premises, and multicloud environments. Schedule automated diagnoses to identify SSM Agent issues and 
remediate them with one-click runbooks. After your nodes are configured as managed nodes, you can execute critical operational tasks such as applying security patches, 
initiating logged sessions, and running commands remotely.

Who should use Systems Manager?
--------------------------------
Systems Manager is used by IT operations managers and operators, DevOps engineers, security and compliance managers, and IT directors and CIOs. Broadly speaking, 
Systems Manager is appropriate for the following:

  Organizations that want to improve the management and security of their nodes at scale.
  Organizations that want to increase visibility and operational agility when managing their infrastructure.
  Organizations that want to increase operational efficiency at scale.

